@linkfrom Webpages overview
@@@
# Using Column Layouts

Your site contains many useful column layouts. These are detailed below:

## Content With Sidebar Left Narrow

A two column layout with a narrow sidebar on the left of a main column.

## Content With Sidebar Left

A two column layout with a sidebar on the left of a main column.

## Content With Sidebar Narrow

A two column layout with a narrow sidebar on the right of a main column.

## Content With Sidebar

A two column layout with a sidebar on the right of a main column.

## Equal Columns Fifths

Five equal columns. On smaller displays this will stack to two rows of columns. 

## Equal Columns Pair

Two equal columns.

## Equal Columns Quarters

Four equal columns. On smaller displays this will stack to two rows of columns. 

## Equal Columns Thirds

Three equal columns. On smaller displays this will stack to three rows.

## Evenly Spaced Images Container Large

A container for displaying images evenly spaced out on as many rows as needed. Simply insert multiple images of the same height into the 'Logos' editable zone. The size of the images will be large.

## Evenly Spaced Images Container Medium

A container for displaying images evenly spaced out on as many rows as needed. Simply insert multiple images of the same height into the 'Logos' editable zone. The size of the images will be medium.

## Evenly Spaced Images Container Small

A container for displaying images evenly spaced out on as many rows as needed. Simply insert multiple images of the same height into the 'Logos' editable zone. The size of the images will be small.

## Individual Centered Narrow

A single narrow column that will be centered on the page.

## Individual Centered Wide

A single wide column that will be centered on the page.

## Two Columns With Sidebar Left

A three column layout with two equal columns and a sidebar column on their left.

## Two Columns With Sidebar

A three column layout with two equal columns and a sidebar column on their right.

## Vertical Align Content Sidebar Left Narrow

A two column layout where content will be vertically aligned. For example if a large image is added to one column, text in the other column will be aligned to the middle of the image. This layout has a narrow sidebar on the left of a main column.

## Vertical Align Content With Sidebar Left

A two column layout where content will be vertically aligned. For example if a large image is added to one column, text in the other column will be aligned to the middle of the image. This layout has a sidebar on the left of a main column.

## Vertical Align Content With Sidebar Narrow

A two column layout where content will be vertically aligned. For example if a large image is added to one column, text in the other column will be aligned to the middle of the image. This layout has a narrow sidebar on the right of a main column.

## Vertical Align Content With Sidebar

A two column layout where content will be vertically aligned. For example if a large image is added to one column, text in the other column will be aligned to the middle of the image. This layout has a sidebar on the right of a main column.

## Vertical Align Equal Columns Fifths

A two column layout where content will be vertically aligned. For example if a large image is added to one column, text in the other column will be aligned to the middle of the image. This layout has five equal width columns.

## Vertical Align Equal Columns Pair

A two column layout where content will be vertically aligned. For example if a large image is added to one column, text in the other column will be aligned to the middle of the image. This layout has two equal columns.

## Vertical Align Equal Columns Quarters

A two column layout where content will be vertically aligned. For example if a large image is added to one column, text in the other column will be aligned to the middle of the image. This layout has four equal columns.

## Vertical Align Equal Columns Thirds

A two column layout where content will be vertically aligned. For example if a large image is added to one column, text in the other column will be aligned to the middle of the image. This layout has three equal columns.